thank you for visiting our channel today
I came out to show you guys how you can
hard reset your my chica a TV one two
zero zero now remember if you do have
software problem I do have a video on
how you can soft reset now soft reset as
when you go inside of software and you
reset your OS on your my chica a TV 1200
but today I'm going to show you guys how
you can hard reset your a TV 1200 so
just follow along
grab your my chica box take the power
out make sure that your HDMI wire is
plugged in right beside the HDMI wire
there is a little part that you can hold
and that is the reset button you have to
put something there hold it down and put
the power on we're going to hold it till
you see something on the screen once you
get the Android system recovery screen
on your TV grab your remote and scroll
down and select wipe data / factory
reset and press enter or press the okay
button you will get another screen you
have to scroll down and say is Delhi all
user data that's the one you need to
select we will just wait till this
reformatting all the OS on your device
and that's it once is done just click on
reboot system now now while rebooting
you will see the Android logo and then
you will see it says Android and now
this time it takes a little bit longer
for it to just go into your main screen
you will go through some little pop ups
and to installing the default apps that
are part of your my jika box and there
you go this is the first screen you're
going to see so now we have to set up
our my GK box again so use your remote
click Next and for the language portion
we're going to click Next again display
position we're going to leave it alone
and click Next Ethernet we're now going
to set up press next Wi-Fi is the one
that we need to set up once the set up
click Next
and then you have to say finish now
we're not done yet we have to set up our
launcher the one I want to launch is
going to be my chica and click on it go
down and select always and once it's in
main screen now you can take advantage
of it and go ahead and now you can go
back to your XBMC which is the default
one so today I came out to show you guys
how you can hard reset your my chica a
TV 1200 I hope you guys like my video if
you do like it click to click like
button subscribe button on the top
comment on the bottom always remember to
visit our own website which is exit X
star info like us on facebook follow us
on twitter in other social networking
places and thank you